CLOUD-2948: Update PIM consumer documentation (#1719)
akeneo/pim-docs: cloud_edition/flexibility_mode/docs/job_consumers_and_workers.rst

Queue Management & Consumers
============================

Job consumers
-------------

Processes
^^^^^^^^^

Akeneo PIM uses daemons to execute jobs (i.e: imports, exports, etc.) from a queue.

Job daemons are managed by ``systemd`` which allows multiple operations such as:

- start/stop/restart a daemon,
- enable/disable a daemon,
- check the status/see logs of a daemon.

.. warning::
   Please note that, while the number of running job consumers is not enforced, it is not recommended
   to increase it above the server capability. Between 1 and 3 consumers is recommended.

To see how and which commands are available, please refer to :doc:`Privilege escalation <./system_administration>`

Configuration
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Configurations of daemons are stored under `/home/akeneo/.systemd/pim_job_consumer`.
The name of the file is the **daemon identifier**. Make it simple and use only integer numbers.

As of PIM 3.1, each daemon can be dedicated to run certain job(s), hence making sure the jobs will
be executed in a timely manner, and that their execution will not interfere with other business
operations.

.. warning::

>    Since PIM 6.0, job queue has been reworked. Your previous configuration files are not relevant anymore.
>    During the **technological stack upgrade** from a PIM <6.0, the configuration folder `/home/akeneo/.systemd/pim_job_queue` is removed.
>    Please refer to the information below to setup job configuration following the new mechanism.

Author: ```suggestion
   As of PIM 6.0, job queues have been reworked. Previous daemon configuration files are deprecated.
   During the **technological stack upgrade** from a PIM 5.0 to PIM 6.0, configuration folder `/home/akeneo/.systemd/pim_job_queue` will be removed.
   Please refer to the information below to setup job configuration.
```
